README.md, before:

# Drupal Decoupled Integrations: Drupal GraphQL demo site

## Prerequisites

- [DDEV](https://ddev.com/)

## Getting Started

### Cloning the code repository

```bash
git clone git@github.com:octahedroid/drupal-graphql-example.git
```

### Starting ddev

```bash
ddev start
```

### Installing dependencies using composer

```bash
ddev composer install
```

### Installing Drupal

#### Using drush

```bash
ddev drush site:install graphql_example -y
```

#### Using the GUI

Open your browser at `https://drupal-graphql-example.ddev.site/` and follow the installation steps. Make sure you select "Demo: Drupal GraphQL" at "Choose profile" step.

### Importing content (optional)

Installation process takes care of importing content, but you may want to import it again by:

#### Using drush

```bash
ddev drush content:import profiles/graphql_example/assets/content.zip
```

#### Using the Import Content Form GUI

If you are not familiar with the CLI you can visit `admin/content/import` and upload the content file located at `web/profiles/graphql_example/assets/content.zip`

### Login using drush

```bash
ddev drush uli admin
```

### Configuring Simple OAuth Settings

You can reuse the previously generated Consumers at the site by visiting `admin/config/services/consumer` to edit the consumers labeled as `Viewer` & `Previewer` and assigning them a secret value.

If you prefer you can created new Consumers is this case, make sure you assign the `editor` user and the proper scope of `Viewer` & `Previewer` depending on the usage you are planing to give to each one.

> Make sure you remember the values used as secret on each Consumer because you will need them as env variables for the front-end configuration.

More info about it at this blog post [Implementing Content Previews with Drupal and Remix](https://octahedroid.com/blog/implementing-content-previews-drupal-and-remix)

## Supporting organizations

Development sponsored by [Octahedroid](https://octahedroid.com/)

Commit message:

✨ feat: show consumer message post installation

README.md, after:

# Drupal Decoupled Integrations: Drupal GraphQL demo site

## Prerequisites

- [DDEV](https://ddev.com/)

## Getting Started

### Cloning the code repository

```bash
git clone git@github.com:octahedroid/drupal-graphql-example.git
```

### Starting ddev

```bash
ddev start
```

### Installing dependencies using composer

```bash
ddev composer install
```

### Installing Drupal

#### Using drush

```bash
ddev drush site:install graphql_example -y
```

#### Using the GUI

Open your browser at `https://drupal-graphql-example.ddev.site/` and follow the installation steps. Make sure you select "Demo: Drupal GraphQL" at "Choose profile" step.

### Importing content (optional)

Installation process takes care of importing content, but you may want to import it again by:

#### Using drush

```bash
ddev drush content:import profiles/graphql_example/assets/content.zip
```

#### Using the Import Content Form GUI

If you are not familiar with the CLI you can visit `admin/content/import` and upload the content file located at `web/profiles/graphql_example/assets/content.zip`

### Login using drush

```bash
ddev drush uli admin
```

### Configuring Simple OAuth Settings

- You can use the previously generated `DRUPAL_CLIENT_ID` and `DRUPAL_CLIENT_SECRET` values shown on the CLI or as a warning message.

- You can reuse the previously generated Consumers at the site by visiting `admin/config/services/consumer` to edit the consumers labeled as `Viewer` & `Previewer` and assigning them a new secret value.

If you prefer you can created new Consumers is this case, make sure you assign the `editor` user and the proper scope of `Viewer` & `Previewer` depending on the usage you are planing to give to each one.

> Make sure you remember the values used as secret on each Consumer because you will need them as env variables for the front-end configuration.

More info about it at this blog post [Implementing Content Previews with Drupal and Remix](https://octahedroid.com/blog/implementing-content-previews-drupal-and-remix)

## Supporting organizations

Development sponsored by [Octahedroid](https://octahedroid.com/)
